Update documentation on Templates and Named Sections (#6853)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 14/umbraco-cms/fundamentals/design/templates/README.md

## Creating Templates

When building an Umbraco website you can automatically generate Templates when you create a new Document Type. This will ensure the connection between the two and you can jump straight from defining the content to structuring it.

Choose the option called **[Document Type with Template](../../data/defining-content/README.md)** when you create a new Document Type to automatically create a Template as well.

In some cases, you might want to create independent Templates that don't have a direct connection to a Document Type. You can follow the steps below to create a new blank Template:

1. Go to the **Settings** section inside the Umbraco backoffice.
2. Click **...** next to the **Templates** folder.
3. Choose **Create**.
4. Enter a template name.
5. Click the **Save** button.

You will now see the default template markup in the backoffice template editor.

![Created template](images/create-template.png)

## Allowing a Template on a Document Type

To use a Template on your content, you must first allow it on the content Document Type type.

1. Open the Document Type you want to use the template.

> 2. Open the Templates Workspace View.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Open the **Templates** Workspace View.
```

</html>
```

> This file contains the structural HTML tags for your website but not much else.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This file contains the structural HTML tags for your website.
```

</html>
```

## Named Sections

Template Sections give you added flexibility when building your templates. Use the Template Section together with a Master Template setup, to decide where sections of content are placed.

If a Child Template needs to add code to the `<head>` tag a Section must be defined and then used in the Master Template. This is made possible by [Named Sections](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lrnJwglbGUA).

The following steps will guide you through defining and using a Named Section:

1. Open your Template.
2. Select the **Sections** option.
3. Choose **Define a named section**.
4. Give the section a name and click **Submit**.

![Define a named section by giving it a name](images/defined-named-section.png)

The following code will be added to your Template:

```csharp
@section SectionName {
    
}
```

> 5. Add whichever code you need between the curly brackets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Add your code between the curly brackets.
```

6. Save the changes.
7. Open the Master Template.

> 8. Choose a spot for the section, and set the cursor there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Choose a spot for the section and set the cursor there.
```

<html>
    <head>
        <title>Title</title>
        @RenderSection("SectionName", false)
    </head>

    <body>
    </body>
</html>
```

You can decide whether a section should be mandatory or not. Making a section mandatory means that any template using the Master Template is required to have the section defined.

{% hint style="info" %}
Keep in mind that whenever a mandatory named section is missing, it will result in errors on your website.
{% endhint %}

To make the section mandatory, you have two options:

* Check the **Section is mandatory** field when using the **Sections** dialog in the backoffice.

> * Add `true` to the code tag as shown in the example below.

Reviewer: Is it possible to put the first point as the second along with the image? Currently, the image is slightly out of place after the code.

Author: How about I add the code snippet as part of the bullet? And then also change the order of the items in the list. That wont break up the list at least.

Reviewer: I think that could work 💪
